Question: Where is South Queens Junior High School located?
Question: Where did Babe's daughter find scrapbooks?
Question: Where did reporters question Alexi Yashin?
Question: Where did Willie live?
Question: Where will the trio's journey end?
Question: Where is Todd McFarlane originally from?
Question: Where is the Maple Leaf Gardens?
Question: Where did Tommy and Ruth sit for the Leaf's games at the Gardens?
Question: Where did Geoffrey Dewis live before he was nine?
Question: Where did Geoffrey Dewis live before he was nine?
Question: Where is the only unionized McDonald's in North America?
Question: Where is Alanis Morissette from?
Question: Where is Brasilia?
Question: Where does Wang live now?
Question: Where has marijuana already been approved for medical use?
Question: Where in Alberta, Canada is the difference between rich and poor most noticible?
Question: Where did the issue of chemical pollutants in the Arctic come to a head recently?
Question: Where is Dalhousie University?
Question: Where did the team's journey begin?
Question: Where was the court where the trial took place?
Question: Where does Tyrell's father want him to go?
Question: Where have the First Nation leaders been invited?
Question: Where is Tyrell's home?
Question: Where is the capital of Kosovo?
Question: Where are the Canadian fighter bombers based?
Question: Where is CNN opening up a new news bureau?
Question: Where have 76 centimeters of snow fallen since yesterday?
Question: Where did Pascal Hudon claim he found the eight figurines?
Question: Where does Pascal Hudon intend to visit next?
Question: Where was the internment camp for the children located?
Question: Where does Donald Henderson work?
Question: Where was Zhu before he came to Canada?
Question: Where did Premier Zhu go after meeting with Newfoundland's Premier Brian Tobin?
Question: Where is the Fraser River?
Question: Where did Gretzky play his last hockey game?
Question: Where is Columbine High School located?
Question: Where did the parents protest?
Question: Where is the Taber gunman now?
Question: Where did Qemal Sefa use to work?
Question: Where is Eastern Beringia?
Question: Where is Eastern Beringia?
Question: Where was the latest evidence supporting earlier dates for the first human inhabitants of North America found?
Question: Where was Chad Harris when the tornado hit?
Question: Where in Nova Scotia did the plane carrying Kosovo refugees land?
Question: Where has a state of emergency been declared?
Question: Where does Dr. Yoon's team work?
Question: Where have offers for tickets been common?
Question: Where is Gisborne Lake?
Question: Where is Kosovo?
Question: Where does Jesse Ventura serve as governor?
Question: Where will the space shuttle Discovery be taking Julie?
Question: Where were the evacuees taken when the fire threatened their homes?
Question: Where was the temperature in the space station only 14 degrees?
Question: Where did Premier Mike Harris address cheering supporters?
Question: Where is Iqaluit?
Question: Where is Iqaluit?
Question: Where did Judge Arbour get her law degree?
Question: Where is Mt. Sinai hospital?
Question: Where in the Canadian Arctic are the 50 beluga whales trapped?
Question: Where are nurses demonstrating?
Question: Where are all the places in the world mentioned in this article in which mosasaur bones been have been found?
Question: Where is life expectancy 76 years of age?
Question: Where is Columbine High School?
Question: Where did John Jr's plane crash?
Question: Where have important jobs been created that help replace the ones that were lost?
Question: Where was a mummified wooly mammoth found?
Question: Where in Canada do the Labrador Inuit claim to own land?
Question: Where does the government want to put pictures of diseased lungs?
Question: Where does John Girvin work as a professor?
Question: Where was kissing rarely practiced until the 20th century?
