Question: How big is the club?
Question: If you were a student, how much would a club membership cost you?
Question: How tall was Babe?
Question: How much was Babe paid to play basketball?
Question: How many games did the Edmonton Grads win?
Question: How much does Alexi Yashin earn as a hockey player?
Question: How much money did Alexi Yashin actually donate to the National Arts Centre?
Question: How would Alexi's parents have benefited from his donation to the National Arts Centre?
Question: How old was Willie when he died?
Question: How many students would the code affect?
Question: According to Johnson, how might a student's sloppy clothing affect them?
Question: How long has it been since Westerners crossed the world's largest sand desert?
Question: How old is Todd McFarlane?
Question: How many historic baseballs does McFarlane now own?
Question: How often is there a Toy Fair in New York?
Question: How far did Brent Shuya and his son have to drive just to reach Winnipeg?
Question: How did an Ottawa police officer get burned?
Question: How many protesters were injured at the Israeli consulate in Berlin?
Question: How many McDonald's restaurants are there in North America?
Question: According to their Quebec office, how did McDonald's feel about the vote to unionize the Montreal franchise?
Question: How many children does Lauryn Hill have?
Question: How many students attend Meadowvale secondary school?
Question: How long is YNN's newscast?
Question: How long have North Korea and South Korea been in conflict?
Question: How long does it take for delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol to be absorbed into the bloodstream when someone smokes marijuana?
Question: How is Alberta's economy doing?
Question: How does Mills convince her family members to eat fish?
Question: How does Newfoundland intend to use a film of seals feasting on cod?
Question: By how much does John Efford want to cut the seal herd?
Question: How much was sealing worth to the Newfoundland economy in 1996?
Question: How does the president of the Alliance Quebec English-rights lobby describe Laurin's masterwork, Bill 101?
Question: How do Quebec nationalists credit Bill 101?
Question: How long did it take Jamie Clarke and his companions to travel 1,200 kilometers across the Arabian desert?
Question: How do camels like to be spoken to?
Question: How would Tyrell prefer to treat his medical condition?
Question: How should politicians respond to racism, according to Bushie?
Question: How would doctors have conventionally treated Tyrell's cancer?
Question: How old are the roots of the conflict between Kosovo and Serbia?
Question: How old are the roots of the conflict between Kosovo and Serbia?
Question: How has Milosevic described the problems in Kosovo?
Question: How many Canadian Forces personnel are based in Aviano, Italy?
Question: How many of the targets they were given did the Canadian fighter bombers hit?
Question: How does the virus trick people into thinking they've received an e-mail from a person they know?
Question: How many people cast their votes for the "responsible government" in the final vote that made Newfoundland part of Canada?
Question: How did Hudon's relatives get him freed from jail?
Question: How did Pascal Hudon react when he was set free from jail, according to his mother?
Question: How long has Mexico had laws to prevent looting of archeological sites?
Question: How many Mexican historical sites are monitored constantly?
Question: How often were the interned children allowed to visit with their parents?
Question: How have provincial officials responded to the ombudsman's report?
Question: How many cases of measles were there in 1995 in Canada?
Question: How long will the premier of China be in Canada?
Question: How did Zhu respond to questions about a prominent dissident?
Question: How large is the Fraser River watershed?
Question: How deep were the flood waters in 1948?
Question: How many people died in the 1948 flood?
Question: How long did Gretzky dominate the sport of hockey?
Question: How will Wayne Gretzky be competing again?
Question: How many students were killed in the Columbine High School shootings?
Question: How many students were killed in the Columbine High School shootings?
Question: How many parents from Calgary protested against a teachers' strike?
Question: How many clones did Nexia Biotechnologies make?
Question: How did Sefa's family reach the Albanian border?
Question: How far did Sefa's family live from the Albanian border?
Question: How old is Qemal Sefa?
Question: How long have people inhabited the Yukon region, according to new research?
Question: How did the first inhabitants of North America get here?
Question: How many F-5 tornados hit the United States each year on average?
Question: How do scientists rank tornados?
Question: How will many of the Kosovo refugees spend their time in Canada?
Question: How many countries worldwide does the United Nations Security Council represent?
Question: How many forest fires have there been in Ontario since April 1?
Question: How many Canadians have diabetes and don't realize it?
Question: How is diabetes currently controlled?
Question: How did Mark Churchill describe the movie, "The Phantom Menace"?
Question: How much money are some scalpers in Los Angeles asking for a Phantom Menace ticket?
Question: How has the pipeline project been proved safe, according to Gerry White?
Question: How many Kosovars are eligible for Canada's family reunification program?
Question: How did Owen Hart die?
Question: How long has Julie Payette wanted to be an astronaut?
Question: How many languages does Julie speak?
Question: How many people live in La Ronge?
Question: How high was the fire in the industrial area of town?
Question: How did the crew reduce the noise level from fans inside Zarya?
Question: How did Ontario Premier Mike Harris describe his re-election campaign?
Question: How much can a can of pop cost in northern Canada?
Question: According to NATO spokesman Jamie Shea, how is troop deployment going?
Question: How was Faulder killed?
Question: How was Faulder on the day of his execution, according to Charlene Gingera?
Question: How does a doctor usually learn how to perform operations?
Question: Even in the best of conditions, how long can beluga whales stay under water?
Question: How are the bears killing the whales?
Question: How will some Quebec doctors respond unless the Premier comes up with more money for health care
Question: How big were the mosasaur's teeth?
Question: How many years in a row has the United Nations ranked Canada the best country in the world to live in?
Question: How did the two teenage gunmen at Columbine High School die?
Question: How does President Clinton hope to put an end to school shootings?
Question: How did John Jr's father die?
Question: How many Kennedys have been involved in U.S. politics?
Question: How should Clark handle his unpopularity, according to political analysts?
Question: How does the union representing plant workers feel about shellfish asthma?
Question: How do scientists hope to create an exact duplicate of the mammoth?
Question: How much land would the agreement give the Labrador Inuit?
Question: How did the president of the Labrador Inuit Association describe the deal?
Question: How many official homes does the Queen Mother have?
Question: How much would it cost to change the cigarette packaging, according to The Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Association?
Question: How old is Jerry?
Question: How are students at Sisler expected to treat each other, according to vice-principal Mike Kachmar?
Question: How did Kachmar describe school?
Question: How far back in Western civilization are there references to kissing?
