Question: What has South Queens Junior High School done with its old metal shop?
Question: What team did Babe play for?
Question: What position did Babe play?
Question: What happened to him two days before Groundhog day?
Question: Under the code, what could happen to a student who swears at a teacher?
Question: What three countries will the Canadians cross through on their desert trek?
Question: What is "Arabian Sands" about?
Question: What advice did Mr. Thesiger give to the Canadians?
Question: At what point did the group have to return to replace broken camel saddles?
Question: What type of clothing are the Canadians wearing on their journey across the desert?
Question: What does McFarlane want in return for making the "McFarlane Collection" available to places like the National Baseball Hall of Fame?
Question: What type of sports facility does Maple Leaf Gardens function as?
Question: What happened in Europe and England when Geoffrey was nine years old?
Question: What do the Kurdish separatists want?
Question: What triggered some Kurds to try to occupy the Israeli consulate in Berlin?
Question: What did Chancellor Schroeder tell the Kurds in Germany?
Question: What happened when the Teamsters tried to unionize a McDonald's in Montreal?
Question: What type of music does Lauryn Hill make?
Question: What movie was the song "My Heart Will Go On" in?
Question: What other form of show business does Will Smith participate in besides music?
Question: What did it cost Meadowvale secondary to have a satellite dish, televisions, and audio-visual equipment installed?
Question: What does CBC Newsworld provide to schools?
Question: What organization does Heather-Jane Robertson represent?
Question: What do we call groups of people who are experts at ringing bells?
Question: What is the name of the Portuguese anti-landmine film?
Question: What is the name of Wang's documentary?
Question: What is the scientific name for marijuana?
Question: What is the Health Department's study going to examine about marijuana?
Question: What are POPs?
Question: What is muktuk?
Question: What is the estimated size of the seal herd?
Question: What is Bill 101?
Question: What does Bill 101 require?
Question: What was one of the things that motivated Clarke during the journey?
Question: What kind of treatments do the doctors want to give thirteen-year-old Tyrell Dueck for his cancer?
Question: What is Rod Bushie's role in the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs?
Question: According to Bushie, what should the schools do to combat racism?
Question: What did doctors discover when Tyrell returned to them for treatment?
Question: What is the name of the Duecks' lawyer?
Question: What do the nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization want to stop the Yugoslavians from doing?
Question: What are the ethnic Albanians in Kosovo pushing for?
Question: What does Milosevic refuse to do?
Question: What do Yugoslav officials feel they can do in a war against NATO?
Question: What is the goal of the NATO bombing in Yugoslavia?
Question: What three companies have had files affected by the virus?
Question: What do "patches" from antivirus software makers do?
Question: What can you do to protect yourself against "Melissa" and similar viruses?
Question: What factor divided the population of Newfoundland in the 1800s?
Question: What date was the vote that made Newfoundland part of Canada?
Question: What were the pro-union Newfoundlanders called?
Question: What were the pro-union Newfoundlanders called?
Question: What did Ms. Finlay ask Mr. Corley?
Question: What did the Hollywood movie crew do to transform a Calgary street into a wintry scene for the movie "Snow Day"?
Question: In the movie "Snow Day," what are the kids in Syracuse trying to do?
Question: What did Hudon do in jail to protest his arrest?
Question: What did ombudsman Dulcie McCallum's investigation into the treatment of the Doukhobor children find?
Question: What did the government force the children to build while they were interned in the camp?
Question: What is Rubella?
Question: What does the white cowboy hat symbolize in Calgary?
Question: What are the fertile soils of the Fraser River good for?
Question: What did Gretzky do when he saw a youngster's hand extended from the crowd?
Question: What did the two students who did the shootings do as they moved through the school?
Question: What did President Clinton say is the challenge facing America?
Question: What would the bill sponsored by Representative Doug Dean do for gun owners?
Question: What is the biggest stumbling block in the dispute between the teachers and the school board?
Question: What will a teachers' strike force parents to do?
Question: What effect will the present school board plans have on teachers?
Question: What happens to Grade 12 diploma exams if teachers strike?
Question: What type of animal did Nexia Biotechnologies clone?
Question: Besides being very strong, what are the advantages of BioSteel?
Question: What is the population of Taber?
Question: What happened to the money and supplies Esat tried to send to his brother's family?
Question: What is the name of the UN organization responsible for refugees?
Question: What did archeologists find in the Bluefish Caves?
Question: What does author Heather Pringle think archeology is about?
Question: What is the recognizable shape of a tornado?
Question: What is the wind speed range of an F-4 tornado?
Question: What is giving firefighters a hand in battling several large forest fires across Northern Ontario?
Question: How did Bob Thomas What describe forest conditions right now?
Question: What has triggered most of the fires in Ontario that have occurred since April 1?
Question: What kinds of health problems do diabetics potentially face?
Question: What does insulin do for our bodies?
Question: What do Type 1 diabetics' immune systems do to insulin-producing cells?
Question: What does Stephen Cole of the National Post say is missing in the Phantom Menace?
Question: What do Ottawa and the provinces want to negotiate?
Question: If the water export plan goes ahead, what is triggered?
Question: What does Maude Barlow think American firms will do?
Question: What will Thordis Gutnick do for the refugees?
Question: What is the average age of people who watch TSN's professional wrestling shows?
Question: What will Julie use to document the mission progress?
Question: What did Valery Tokarev and Julie Payette change inside the Russian-built Zarya control module?
Question: What is the noise level in an office?
Question: What are ridings?
Question: What are returning officers?
Question: What does a litre of milk cost in northern Canada?
Question: Before getting her new position, what was Judge Arbour's job?
Question: What was the president of Yugoslavia indicted for?
Question: As the NATO troops enter Kosovo, what do many of the residents of Kosovo feel they must do?
Question: What would a stay of execution have allowed?
Question: What has Charlene Gingera been working with the Faulder family to do since 1997
Question: In the last few days before the execution, what were Faulder's relatives hoping for?
Question: What is a "resident"?
Question: What do doctors at Mt. Sinai hospital learn on?
Question: In the future, what might doctors use to perfect their techniques?
Question: Through what are the whales breathing?
Question: What is Quebec Premier Lucien Bouchard's special legislation intended to do?
Question: Under Bouchard's legislation, what could be imposed on the leaders of the nurses' union if they do not call off the strike immediately?
Question: What are many drivers doing to show their support for the nurses on strike?
Question: What does this new discovery of dinosaur bones tell us about the Antarctic?
Question: What is personal income?
Question: In what year did Canadians earn an average of $16,525 US?
Question: What does it mean when a "search and rescue" mission becomes a "search and recovery" mission?
Question: What party is Glen Clark the leader of in B.C.?
Question: What type of illness is shellfish asthma?
Question: What modern animals do wooly mammoths look most like?
Question: What is the name of the Labrador Inuit homeland?
Question: What are native claims?
Question: What birthday is the Queen Mum celebrating?
Question: What injury did the Queen Mum suffer last winter
Question: What do anti-smoking organizations think about the cigarette packaging plan?
Question: What do Jerry's glasses have on them?
Question: What is the "holy kiss" still a part of?
