Question: When did Babe play for "the finest basketball team that ever stepped out on a floor"?
Question: When will he be buried?
Question: When is one time that schools will phone parents of students?
Question: When did Clarke climb Mount Everest?
Question: When did Todd McFarlane buy Mark McGwire's 70th home run ball?
Question: When was the Maple Leaf Gardens built?
Question: When did Foster Hewitt start broadcasting Maple Leaf games on the radio?
Question: When did Geoffrey Dewis die?
Question: When did Ocalan start living outside of Turkey?
Question: When was the McDonald's unionized?
Question: When did Madonna enter the music business?
Question: When is the deadline by which the school must decide whether to sign a five-year contract with YNN?
Question: When was the international landmine treaty agreed to by 130 countries?
Question: When did Wang leave China?
Question: When did Ms. Yalnizyan give a speech?
Question: When did the issue of chemical contaminants in Arctic food come to a head?
Question: When was the moratorium instituted?
Question: When did Bill 101 come into effect?
Question: When did Clarke dream about the desert?
Question: When will Tyrell likely die if he doesn't receive proper treatment?
Question: When did hockey fans bring hand drums to a game to taunt the Native players?
Question: When did Tyrell discover the lump in his leg?
Question: When is a demonstration planned for the front of the House of Commons?
Question: When did Carnagie Mellon learn of the virus?
Question: When did Newfoundland become a British colony?
Question: When does Ms. Finlay's radio program air?
Question: When did Calgary, Alberta receive not a single snowflake?
Question: When were the 170 children of the Sons of Freedom sect of the Doukhobor faith locked up in internment camp?
Question: When did Canadian children begin to receive anti-measles vaccinations?
Question: When will the river probably reach its highest level this year?
Question: When did Gretzky's parents tell him they were proud of him?
Question: When did Columbine High School open?
Question: When are teachers poised to strike?
Question: When was a sheep cloned by Scottish scientists?
Question: When was there a school shooting in Colorado?
Question: When did Qemal Sefa's family flee Kosovo?
Question: When did authorities discover the initial count of 10 deaths in Sedgwick County was wrong?
Question: When did Shamsay Amoosa flee his homeland of Kosovo?
Question: When might some people be allowed to return to their homes?
Question: When did Star Wars fans across Canada begin lining up for tickets to Star Wars: Episode 1 The Phantom Menace" movie?
Question: When does Ottowa have to act if it wants to stop the pipeline plan?
Question: When did the NATO bombing start?
Question: When are the next summer Olympics going to be held?
Question: When she was in school, what would Julie do instead of going to recess?
Question: When was Julie selected to be an astronaut by the Canadian Space Agency?
Question: When was the International Space Station launched?
Question: When were the evacuees able to go back to their homes?
Question: When are the first permanent residents due to arrive at the International Space Station?
Question: When was the last time any party won two majority governments in a row in Ontario?
Question: When did Colin Crosbie become involved in shipping in the Arctic?
Question: When will Judge Arbour start her new job on Canada's Supreme Court?
Question: When did 14,000 NATO troops enter the southern Yugoslavian province of Kosovo?
Question: When do all Serb forces have to be withdrawn from Kosovo?
Question: When was the last time a Canadian was executed in the United States?
Question: When will the hospital pharmacists leave their jobs if the situation does not improve?
Question: When did American geologists discover dinosaurs bones in the Antarctic?
Question: When did mosasaurs probably arrive in Antarctica?
Question: When does Bill Clinton want to have new gun laws passed?
Question: When did John Jr's father die?
Question: When did the wooly mammoth live?
Question: When did the Queen Mother last travel overseas?
Question: When does Allen Rock want the new cigarette packages in Canadian stores?
Question: When did Jerry get electrodes implanted in his brain?
Question: When were medieval knights kissed?
