Question: Who is the principal of South Queens Junior High School?
Question: Who runs the club?
Question: Who was Babe's husband?
Question: Who does Alexi Yashin play for?
Question: Who is Wiarton Willie?
Question: Who took care of Willie?
Question: Who claims to have received a message from Willie's spirit?
Question: Who plans to institute a common code of conduct for students?
Question: Who are the nomadic natives of Oman?
Question: Who was known as one of the toughest players in the NHL in the 1950s?
Question: Who published Dewis's obituary?
Question: Who is Abdullah Ocalan?
Question: Who was the master of ceremonies for this year's Grammy Awards?
Question: Who wrote "My Heart Will Go On"?
Question: Who is Will Smith's wife?
Question: Who owns Youth News Network?  
Question: Who is the principal of Meadowvale secondary?
Question: Who is the Secretary General of the United Nations?
Question: Who fired on the student demonstrators in Tiananmen Square?
Question: Who doesn't need another revolution, according to Wang?
Question: Who has the Canadian Health Department consulted with about obtaining marijuana?
Question: Who authored a study on the differences between the rich and poor in Canada?
Question: Who does Carole Mills represent?
Question: Who is Eric Loring?
Question: Who described Dr. Laurin as "a pioneer, a builder, a man of conviction, determined"?
Question: Who said Bedouin ways are "a death in life."?
Question: Who does the boy need to speak to without his parents present, according to lawyers in the case?
Question: Who won Monday night's game?
Question: Who is Slobodan Milosevic?
Question: Who has been protesting the bombing in Yugoslavia?
Question: Who is Art Eggleton?
Question: Who has a Computer Emergency Response Team?
Question: Who is Ms. Fithen?
Question: Who governed the early costal communities before civil governors replaced them?
Question: Who was prime minister when John Crosbie was a minister?
Question: Who was prime minister when John Crosbie was a minister?
Question: Who will write stories for the new bureau?
Question: Who is the star of "Snow Day"?
Question: Who is Joaquin Garcia?
Question: Who is Ujjal Dosanjn?
Question: Who tried to prevent Grade Four Students from being immunized against Hepatitis B?
Question: Who was who was chanting "Shame on China" on Wednesday?
Question: Who is the mayor of Saint John's?
Question: Who is the Environment Ministry spokesman quoted in this story?
Question: Who won the last game Gretzky played?
Question: Who played with Gretzky on the Edmonton Oilers?
Question: Who described the shootings as a "suicide mission"?
Question: Who did students describe as a hero?
Question: Who is Teresa Woo-Paw?
Question: Who is urging the teachers and school board to keep talking?
Question: Who is the president of Nexia Biotechnologies ?
Question: Who shot two students at a high school in Taber?
Question: Who died in the Taber shooting?
Question: Who does Jacques Cing-Mars think used the caves?
Question: Who said 40 people were killed in Oklahoma alone?
Question: Who was with Ahmet Konyoury on the plane to Canada?
Question: Who is Natural Resources Minister?
Question: Who is Holly McWilliams?
Question: Who said "the effects were top notch" when he was talking about "The Phantom Menace"?
Question: Who is Maude Barlow?
Question: Who is the attorney general of British Columbia?
Question: Who was Owen Hart?
Question: Who will be Julie work with to change solar batteries?
Question: Who is Aline Chretien married to?
Question: Who is the mayor of La Ronge?
Question: Who led the way into the unfinished station?
Question: Who is the leader of the Liberals?
Question: Who hounded Mike Harris at every appearance?
Question: Who is Judge Arbour replacing in her new job?
Question: Who says Louise Arbour is "a down-to-earth individual"?
Question: Who is Slobodan Milosevic?
Question: Who is trying to save the whales?
Question: Who is Michele Boisclair?
Question: Who else has threatened to strike?
Question: Who is the plesiosaur supposed to resemble?
Question: Who ranked first in healthcare?
Question: Who traveled across America to help convince the American government that stricter gun control laws are needed?
Question: Who was John F. Kennedy Jr's father?
Question: Who wrote Glen Clark and specifically asked him to quit his job?
Question: Who is at risk of suffering from shellfish asthma?
Question: Who is going to dig up the dead wooly mammoth?
Question: Who is Canada's Minister of Health?
Question: Who is Rob Parker a spokesman for?
Question: Who helped Jerry see?
Question: Who said he has never witnessed a problem in Sisler's hallways?
